change the default value for `apollo.field_level_instrumentation_sampler` (#2382)
apollographql/router: docs/source/configuration/apollo-telemetry.mdx

## Enabling field-level instrumentation

> Field-level instrumentation (also known as FTV1 tracing) is set to `0.01` by default. To enable it, add the following to your router configuration:

Reviewer: I feel like this should be telling you how to disable it now, not how to enable it (since it is already enabled).

> Field-level instrumentation (also known as FTV1 tracing) is set to `0.01` by default. To enable it, add the following to your router configuration:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[Apollo field-level instrumentation](https://www.apollographql.com/docs/federation/metrics) (also known as FTV1 tracing) is set to a sampling rate of `0.01` by default, which means it will request traces for 1% of traffic.  To change it to a higher rate, set the `field_level_instrumentation_sampler` value to a rate higher than `0.1`.

> **Note**
> Since field-level instrumentation is _dependent_ OpenTelemetry tracing, it is necessary to set the `sampler` value for traces to a value the _same or higher_ than the `field_level_instrumentation_sampler` value.

The following example sets both Apollo field-level tracing and OpenTelemetry tracing to attempt to sample 50% of requests:

```
